# Programming-Languages-Submission

# Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.
This project takes input data from the provided data.txt file. It iterates through this file, counts occurences of items, and generates a map that pairs each item as a string (key) with an object of the Item class(value) which is instantiated each time a new string is read from data.txt. Upon repetition of strings in data.txt, the Item data member frequency is incremented by one using the method incrementFrequency to maintain an accurate count of each item from the data.txt file. The data from the map is then used to generate a backup file named frequency.dat which stores the name and frequency by iterating through the map and calling the public methods getName and getFrequency from each Item object in the map. The user can then use the menu to perform various functions, such as querying a specific item to return its frequency, printing all item names with their frequency, and printing a histogram of all items based on their occurence. 
# What did you do particularly well?
The code is modular and scalable. The item class can easily be expanded or used as a superclass for more detailed classes later on. Frequency is also kept private within the item class and all requests for frequency data are handled through getter methods. This route was favored over others due to its security in maintaining the integrity of frequency data. A map could have simply held frequency as its value, however instantiating an object of the Item class and using that as the single source of truth throughout the program maintained consistency and accuracy. 
# Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?
cin >> choice lacks error handling. If a user enters a value for which choice was not declared to handle, invalid type inputs would lead to undesirable behavior. cin.fail could be implemented to handle non integer inputs and increase integrity of the code base.
# Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network?
Handling the logic for iterating through the txt file and reliably dealing with new or duplicate entries required intentional attention to detail. I overcame this using several different methods of implementation while also testing different cases.
# What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?
Knowledge of std::map and how to use it efficiently for key-value pairing is one valuable skill I developed from this project. The use of const auto& pair : itemMap along with methods such as pair.second.method allow for great flexability when working with classes in a map, particularly when you want to iterate through the entire map performing the same action which is handled through a public method like incrementFrequency. 
# How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
Inline comments help explain what is happening throughout most of the code, enhancing readability. Main is kept simple, abstracting away as much functionality as possible to modular functions and classes which can be individually maintained. This results in a main that is easy to read and follow in terms of logic, while keeping implementation details hidden away to be accessed only when that function in specific needs to be adjusted.
